release: v1.59.0 (#6438)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_address_dentist_buyer_frown.md

> ### Fix coprocessor empty body object panic ([PR #6398](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/6398))
> If a coprocessor responds with an empty body object at the supergraph stage then the router would panic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fix coprocessor empty body object panic ([PR #6398](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/6398))

Previously, the router would panic if a coprocessor responds with an empty body object at the supergraph stage: 
```

```json
{
  ... // other fields
  "body": {} // empty object
}
```

> This does not affect coprocessors that respond with formed responses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This has been fixed in this release.

> Note: the previous issue didn't affect coprocessors that responded with formed responses.
```
